Lesson 13 绿林少年
The Greenwood Boys

“绿林少年”是一个流行歌曲演唱团。
The Greenwood Boys are a group of pop singers.

目前他们正在全国各地巡回演出，明天就要到达此地。
At present, they are visiting all parts of the country. They will be arriving here tomorrow.

他们将乘火车来，镇上的大部分青年人将到车站迎接他们。
They will be coming by train and most of the young people in the town will be meeting them at the station.

明晚他们将在工人俱乐部演出。
Tomorrow evening they will be singing at the Workers' Club.

“绿林少年”准备在此逗留5天。
The Greenwood Boys will be staying for five days.

在此期间，他们将演出5场。
During this time, they will give five performances.

同往常一样，警察的日子将不好过，他们将设法维持秩序。
As usual, the police will have a difficult time. They will be trying to keep order.

每逢这种场合，情况都是这样。
It is always the same on these occasions.

Lesson 14 你会讲英语吗？
Do you speak English?

去年我有过一次有趣的经历。
I had an amusing experience last year.

在离开法国南部的一个小村庄后，我继续驶往下一个城镇。
After I had left a small village in the south of France, I drove on to the next town.

途中，一个青年人向我招手。
On the way, a young man waved to me.

我把车停下，他向我提出要求搭车。
I stopped and he asked me for a lift.

他一上车，我就用法语向他问早上好，他也同样用法语回答我。
As soon as he had got into the car, I said good morning to him in French and he replied in the same language.

除了个别几个单词外，我根本不会法语。
Apart from a few words, I do not know any French at all.

旅途中我们谁也没讲话。
Neither of us spoke during the journey.

就要到达那个镇时，那青年突然开了口，慢慢地说道：“你会讲英语吗？”
I had nearly reached the town, when the young man suddenly said, very slowly, "Do you speak English?'

我很快了解到，他自己就是个英国人！
As I soon learnt, he was English himself!

Lesson 15 佳音
Good news

秘书告诉我说哈姆斯沃斯先生要见我。
The secretary told me that Mr. Harmsworth would see me.

我走进他的办公室，感到非常紧张。
I felt very nervous when I went into his office.

我进去的时候，他连头也没抬。
He did not look up from his desk when I entered.

待我坐下后，他说生意非常不景气。
After I had sat down, he said that business was very bad.

他还告诉我，公司支付不起这么庞大的工资开支
He told me that the firm could not afford to pay such large salaries.

有20个人已经离去。
Twenty people had already left.

我知道这次该轮到我了。
I knew that my turn had come.

“哈姆斯沃斯先生，”我无力地说。
'Mr.Harmsworth,' I said in a weak voice.

“不要打断我的话，”他说。
'Don't interrupt,' he said.

然后他微笑了一下告诉我说，我每年将得到1,000 英镑的额外收入。
Then he smiled and told me I would receive an extra thousand pounds a year!

Lesson 16 彬彬有礼的要求
A polite request

一旦你把汽车停错了地方，交通警很快就会发现。
If you park your car in the wrong place, a traffic policeman will soon find it.

如果他没给你罚单就放你走了，算你走运。
You will be very lucky if he lets you go without a ticket.

然而，情况并不都是这样
However, this does not always happen.

交通警有时也很客气。
Traffic police are sometimes very polite.

有一次在瑞典度假，我发现我的车上有这样一个字条：
During a holiday in Sweden, I found this note on my car:

“先生，欢迎您光临我们的城市。
'sir, we welcome you to our city.

此处是‘禁止停车’区。
This is a "No Parking" area.

如果您对我们街上的标牌稍加注意，您在此会过得很愉快的。
You will enjoy your stay here if you pay attention to our street signs.

谨此提请注意。”
This note is only a reminder.'

如果你收到这样的恳求，你是不会不遵照执行的！
If you receive a request like this, you cannot fail to obey it!

1111
2222
...

